okay and we are the jug guys and I'm
here in Houston Texas and we are doing a
I guess this is called a roll off
dumpster drop and right here we're gonna
show you how this works I got my
assistant today and it's baby David
David say hi and what exactly are you
going to do David all right well so
let's so much you can do David go ahead
now as you can see this is a residential
dumpster and what we do we just
gradually just bring it to your
neighborhood driveway we're actually
putting this one in the street right
here and we're going to drop this right
there for only two hundred and fifty
dollars and I'll tell you the dimensions
in just a second and you can see a kid
could even do this okay now this is 12
foot long 8 foot wide and four foot high
holds about five pickup loads in it and
what I'm gonna do right here we're gonna
stop it right here and then I'm O'War it
and here goes I think Kelly gets lowered
and it goes into the street
so there is get lowered
all right raise it back up baby there
and we're raising it back up like I said
this could be dropped off in your house
at your residential neighborhood for
only $250 again it's 12 foot high that
mean 12 foot long foot a foot high and 8
foot wide and we are reaching a point
where it's gonna get to dropped off
right there baby
all right David you did a good job there
hold on one second while I drop this off
with no problems
again it's $250 and it's brought to your
house there is no extra fees 12 foot
long four foot high and eight foot wide
again this is a dumpster roll-off
removal in Houston Texas and there it is
and we are the jug guys out of Houston
Texas and here's your dumpster it's now
rolled off it took us about two minutes
for it to come down and there it is and
it could be sitting in front of your
house just find us online junk guys DFW
junk guys Austin and jugg guys houston
calm thank you so much wave bye David
even the kid can do this